This is what they were doing just now, the two of you,
He also said, don’t be particular about their nonsense,
It is obviously their heartbeat field,
After all, it probably isn’t your first time to participate in the previous session, right?
You can tell us that we don’t understand the same rules,
what would it feel like,
People who came to our last meeting,
I have to go to Bidanzhong again,
Ah, I don’t seem to recognize him,
But my husband,
Neither can your husband,
Yes, Mr. Zhang and Ms. Song,
You will have the same requirements every time you come to us,
Because of course they pity,
I also have a request,
You can do it if we issue the papers right away
What did I do to you?
What am I doing?
Can I invite you alone?
It's wrong to live here
You bring one more
Irrelevant men are irrelevant
Hurry up
You too once
Bring whoever you want
Who can he bring?
This means losing him
You can't drive it either.
If you don't come to the key point, don't pull the man.
these two people
I’ll get this bag later